Chapter 2 Literature Survey

2.1 Summary of Paper Studied
Backdoor attacks are not always malicious. For instance, the United States Government Organization FBI requested Apple to build a backdoor for the iPhone that belongs to an assailant. 
But Apple refused to do so, showing it to be against the user data privacy agreement of Apple and its customers. Nonetheless, the FBI managed to build a backdoor with the help of a third party. In this case, accessing the data is important as it could help in gathering information about the assailant. Therefore, backdoor attacks play a crucial role in today’s world. The experiment performed is on utilising an existing vulnerability to create a backdoor in the Windows operating system and is achieved by using Armitage open-source tool. Armitage tool uses the Metasploit framework in which a lot of exploits are outdated as industries are frequently updating their software against security threats. But the advantage that comes with the Metasploit framework is the development of new exploits. Therefore, the Metasploit framework is helpful to organisations that need to design their exploit against their tool to check the vulnerability. The attack is conducted to help organisations for achieving the legal purposes like the above example. Overall, such an implementation could be easily incorporated into a foundational cybersecurity course for enhanced student learning.

2.2 Integrated Summary of The Literature Study
In this paper, it presents an implementation of remotely hacking into the Windows system with reverse TCP payload using an open-source tool. Reverse TCP opens a backdoor on the victim system which is remotely operated by the attacker without the victim’s notice. The firewall only scans the incoming traffic and doesn’t examine the outgoing traffic which is the flaw that leads to the back door. The victim must initiate the connection in the reverse TCP payload. Armitage is an open-source tool that provides Graphical User Interface (GUI) to the Metasploit. The Metasploit framework is another open-source framework which aims to provide information about the vulnerabilities and aids in performing penetration testing. Metasploit contains an extensive database of exploits, payloads, and vulnerabilities that vary for different kinds of systems. In the implemented attack, the attacker can access the files, take a screenshot, monitor screen, sniff packets, and take shots using the webcam. We demonstrate these attacks which can be used in the offering of a foundational cybersecurity course.
