Chapter 1 Introduction

1.1	General Introduction
A backdoor is a typically covert method of bypassing normal authentication or encryption in a computer, product, embedded device (e.g. a home router), or its embodiment (e.g. part of a cryptosystem, algorithm, chipset, or even a "homunculus computer" —a tiny computer-within-a-computer such as that found in Intel's AMT technology). Backdoors are most often used for securing remote access to a computer, or obtaining access to plaintext in cryptographic systems. From there it may be used to gain access to privileged information like passwords, corrupt or delete data on hard drives, or transfer information within autoschediastic networks. A backdoor may take the form of a hidden part of a program, a separate program (e.g. Back Orifice may subvert the system through a rootkit), code in the firmware of the hardware, or parts of an operating system such as Windows.Trojan horses can be used to create vulnerabilities in a device. A Trojan horse may appear to be an entirely legitimate program, but when executed, it triggers an activity that may install a backdoor. Although some are secretly installed, other backdoors are deliberate and widely known. These kinds of backdoors have "legitimate" uses such as providing the manufacturer with a way to restore user passwords. Many systems that store information within the cloud fail to create accurate security measures. If many systems are connected within the cloud, hackers can gain access to all other platforms through the most vulnerable system.
 
1.2 Problem Statement
In the past few years, a lot of research has been focused on backdoor attacks and defence mechanisms. Many types of the backdoor defences have been proposed, but there are still a lot of challenges unresolved. New attacks are proposed and created regularly, which makes defending even harder. Many defences can be bypassed by attackers as well. Also, no defence mechanism that protects deep learning models against all types of backdoor attacks has been proposed. One of the problems is that we do not know how much impact the used dataset has on a defence or how one defence would perform on different models. Because of that, in this work, we investigate how backdoor attacks work with different models, would that affect their performance and is there some defence that would always perform well. 
